md/faq/features/contribute/contribute.md, before:

# How to contribute code to cables

So you found something missing in cables, integrated a new technology or fixed a bug? Awesome!

The easiest way to contribute this to cables - for now - is to [write your user-op](../../../5_writing_ops/dev_ops/dev_ops) and then do one of the following:

- post your code on the [public issue tracker](https://github.com/cables-gl/cables_docs/issues)
- post your code to the [forums](https://github.com/cables-gl/cables_docs/discussions/categories/show-and-tell)
- contact us on [discord](https://discord.gg/cablesgl)

We will then take a look at it and get back to you. Thanks for contributing!

Please make sure beforehand that your code adheres to the guidelines in this documentation and is free of any licenses that would prohibit commercial use, or include some "copyleft" clauses. 
We prefer the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Should we accept you contribution your code will also be put under MIT License and you will be properly credited.

Commit message:

teams in contrib and update op-links after rename

md/faq/features/contribute/contribute.md, after:

# How to contribute code to cables

So you found something missing in cables, integrated a new technology or fixed a bug? Awesome!

The easiest way to contribute this to the community is to [create a team](https://cables.gl/myteams) and then:

- clone or rename your ops to the [team namespace](../../../5_1_permissions/3_ops/ops)
- [make the team public](../../../5_1_permissions/2_teams/teams), so people can join and use your ops
- promote your ops, have people join your team, collect feedback, gather collaborators
- for bugfixes or improvements in core ops: contact us on [discord](https://discord.gg/cablesgl)

Thanks for contributing!

Please make sure that your code adheres to the guidelines in this documentation and is free of any licenses that would prohibit commercial use, or include some "copyleft" clauses. 
We prefer the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Should we accept you contribution into cables.gl-core your code will also be put under MIT License and you will be properly credited.
