md/faq/features/support/support.md, before:

# How can I support cables?

## Spread the word!

Helping us grow is the best way to help us - get the word out!

## Money? Projects?

If you want to financially support us, currently your best option would be to spend some cash on the various levels on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/cables_gl).
Don't forget to link your Patreon account in [your profile settings](https://cables.gl/settings) to get those sweet, sweet benefits.

We also have a very long list of stuff that WE want to do, but maybe you need something specific for your project
or would like to hire us to develop project specific features. Simply [contact us](mailto:hi@undev.de)!

## Like, Share, Comment!

Tag #cablesgl when sharing your projects and artwork and throw us a mention on [twitter](https://twitter.com/cables_gl), [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/cables_gl), [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/cablesgl).
We love seeing cables in the wild and it is a lot of fun to discuss your projects on our blogs and socials. 
Let us know and let's get your artwork out there!

Check out and comment on our [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/c/cablesgl) channel, reshare tutorials you liked!

## Share your knowledge!

Sharing is caring - keep the community strong, remix, share, publish patches on our site. 
Join in our Discord and contact the creators - maybe work together on an awesome demo or interactive project and let us know! 
We'd love to show it to the world.

## Let us know what's missing!

Bugs bugs bugs, they are everywhere... if you don't bring our attention to them! 
Please report bugs and take part/help others in the discussion [forum](https://github.com/cables-gl/cables_docs/discussions) and [discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/AGTarWv). 

Help us by documenting and sharing patches that illustrate the issues, this makes it easy for us to squash them and not wander around looking for them!

## Communicate!

Got a cool idea or coded an awesome shader that makes cables.gl better? 
Share it with us and the community by posting in our [Discord](https://github.com/cables-gl/cables_docs/discussions), our Feature Requests or joining our weekly meetups.

Weekly meetups? Yes! Bring your friends! Come chat and share your work on [our Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/AGTarWv), every Wednesday!

Commit message:

wallets in support section - pandrr/cables/issues/4963

md/faq/features/support/support.md, after:

# How can I support cables?

## Spread the word!

Helping us grow is the best way to help us - get the word out!

## Money? Projects?

If you want to financially support us, currently your best option would be to spend some cash on the various levels on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/cables_gl).
Don't forget to link your Patreon account in [your profile settings](https://cables.gl/settings) to get those sweet, sweet benefits.

We also have a very long list of stuff that WE want to do, but maybe you need something specific for your project
or would like to hire us to develop project specific features. Simply [contact us](mailto:hi@undev.de)!

If you publish your work on a platform like `fxhash` or `objkt`, you might consider giving a share of your sales to our wallet.
Use `cables.tez` or `tz1ixVhzF6uBTYo6vPZ44RoZfcypC5dyvPc6`. Thanks!

## Like, Share, Comment!

Tag #cablesgl when sharing your projects and artwork and throw us a mention on [twitter](https://twitter.com/cables_gl), [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/cables_gl), [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/cablesgl).
We love seeing cables in the wild and it is a lot of fun to discuss your projects on our blogs and socials. 
Let us know and let's get your artwork out there!

Check out and comment on our [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/c/cablesgl) channel, reshare tutorials you liked!

## Share your knowledge!

Sharing is caring - keep the community strong, remix, share, publish patches on our site. 
Join in our Discord and contact the creators - maybe work together on an awesome demo or interactive project and let us know! 
We'd love to show it to the world.

## Let us know what's missing!

Bugs bugs bugs, they are everywhere... if you don't bring our attention to them! 
Please report bugs and take part/help others in the discussion [forum](https://github.com/cables-gl/cables_docs/discussions) and [discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/AGTarWv). 

Help us by documenting and sharing patches that illustrate the issues, this makes it easy for us to squash them and not wander around looking for them!

## Communicate!

Got a cool idea or coded an awesome shader that makes cables.gl better? 
Share it with us and the community by posting in our [Discord](https://github.com/cables-gl/cables_docs/discussions), our Feature Requests or joining our weekly meetups.

Weekly meetups? Yes! Bring your friends! Come chat and share your work on [our Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/AGTarWv), every Wednesday!
